README.md, before:

# Xcode-Plugins
Currently using:

1. SCXcodeSwitchExpander - https://github.com/stefanceriu/SCXcodeSwitchExpander
Autocompletion for switch statements. Will autocomplete all possible cases for enums.

2. BBUDebuggerTuckAway - https://github.com/neonichu/BBUDebuggerTuckAway
Xcode plugin for auto-hiding the debugger once you start typing in the source code editor.

3. KSImageNamed-Xcode - https://github.com/ksuther/KSImageNamed-Xcode
Xcode plug-in that provides autocomplete for imageNamed: calls

4. GitDiff - https://github.com/johnno1962/GitDiff
Highlights deltas against git repo in Xcode

5. Dash-Plugin-for-Xcode - https://github.com/omz/Dash-Plugin-for-Xcode
Companion plugin for Dash (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/dash/id449589707)

Will be using in the near future:

1. VVDocumenter-Xcode - https://github.com/onevcat/VVDocumenter-Xcode
Xcode plug-in which helps you write documentation comments easier, for both Objective-C and Swift.

2. ColorSense-for-Xcode - https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode
Displays the color that your code creates.
Note: Not working for me right now on Xcode 7

3. Backlight-for-XCode - https://github.com/limejelly/Backlight-for-XCode
Highlights the current editing line in Xcode 
Note: Not working for me right now on Xcode 7

Commit message:

Removed SCXcodeSwitchExpander from currently using list

README.md, after:

# Xcode-Plugins
Currently using:

2. BBUDebuggerTuckAway - https://github.com/neonichu/BBUDebuggerTuckAway
Xcode plugin for auto-hiding the debugger once you start typing in the source code editor.

3. KSImageNamed-Xcode - https://github.com/ksuther/KSImageNamed-Xcode
Xcode plug-in that provides autocomplete for imageNamed: calls

4. GitDiff - https://github.com/johnno1962/GitDiff
Highlights deltas against git repo in Xcode

5. Dash-Plugin-for-Xcode - https://github.com/omz/Dash-Plugin-for-Xcode
Companion plugin for Dash (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/dash/id449589707)

Will be using in the near future:

1. VVDocumenter-Xcode - https://github.com/onevcat/VVDocumenter-Xcode
Xcode plug-in which helps you write documentation comments easier, for both Objective-C and Swift.

2. ColorSense-for-Xcode - https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode
Displays the color that your code creates.
Note: Not working for me right now on Xcode 7

3. Backlight-for-XCode - https://github.com/limejelly/Backlight-for-XCode
Highlights the current editing line in Xcode 
Note: Not working for me right now on Xcode 7

4. SCXcodeSwitchExpander - https://github.com/stefanceriu/SCXcodeSwitchExpander
Autocompletion for switch statements. Will autocomplete all possible cases for enums.
Note: Doesn't currently work with Swift.
